There was no doubt about it, this was short term traffic. A suspicious person seen by a Rowley Ave. resident did not linger as he quickly pulled something out from beneath a rock, and then replaced it with something else. Drugs, suspected the concerned woman. And, this was all taking place near her home on the popular Southwest Commuter Path where many – including neighborhood children – move to-and-fro. She called the MPD. Her observation skills proved keen, as the officer was able to find a wire protruding from a rocky area. He gave it a tug, and out popped a small cylindrical container. It had a screw cap. A couple of turns and the officer peered inside. No cocaine. No heroin. Not even a little marijuana. But, there was a piece of paper. The officer unfurled it and discovered three signatures, and the dates upon which each person had left his or her John Hancock. The last - on the short list - had been to the secret spot that very afternoon. This was not this officer's first GPS based geocache rodeo and he quickly ascertained he had likely uncovered a new location for those who enjoy the wholesome outdoor pastime. He based this conclusion – regarding the timeframe - on the small number of signatures, which was about to grow by one. " I then also put today's date on the scrolled piece of paper and placed Madison Police on it to notify other game players that the item had also been located by a police officer." He then practiced good leave-no-trace protocol, returning the site to the way he had found it, as future treasure hunters would likely be headed this way. The officer sought out the concerned citizen to let her know this was not "anything nefarious" and that she should expect more short term traffic.  She was glad this wasn't drugs, and told the officer geocaching "sounds like a pretty fun game." Perhaps even a gateway game to those less covert, like Red Rover, hopscotch, kick the can, or even hot potato.      Released 04/22/2016 at 12:06 PM by PIO Joel Despain 