Twas the month before Christmas ... They are not grouchy, solitary creatures, rather fun-loving college freshmen, not living in a cave on a steep mountain, but a rather nice frat house near a beautiful lake. They were not trying to play the role of Grinch, as they did not steal Christmas, rather just one beautiful Christmas tree. In the end, what they would learn is business leaders of downtown Madison - much like the merry and warm-hearted Whos of Whoville - are a kind lot. They did not wish ill will to befall young misdirected youth, but they were hoping to get their tree back. The leaders were not about to carve the Roast Beast, but they were about to commence a special six-week community event: Shine on Madison. In preparation for celebrations, the Madison Central Business Improvement District (BID) installed trees, lights and other holiday cheer throughout the eclectic State Street area. One tree, a 150 pounder - due to its heavy concrete base - was nestled between three fully festooned planters in the 500 block of N. Frances St. Much like the night the Whos slept - when the Grinch slipped into Whoville - the BID people were likely in deep slumber when the wily freshmen used significant muscle and determination to move the tree several blocks to their abode. We do not know this because of the likes of a Cindy Lou. No one interrupted the caper, but from above, surveillance cameras – several of them – were watching. So you can imagine the palpitations this past Friday when police officers showed up for a house call to find the $400 tree in all its glory. One told the young men they could be cited for theft, a $691 violation, but there would be none of that. Like the Whos, the BID people were not interested in criminal charges. This was a life lesson. The freshmen talked about what was supposed to be a prank. The officer talked about making better future decisions. Like the Grinch, the young men - some believe their hearts grew four times bigger that night -  were moved and wanted to right a wrong. So, with the help of the MPD the they returned the tree and its concrete stand. The officers and freshmen did not encircled it. There was no singing. But, they did all take a step back, and look up with mutual admiration. Dr. Seuss would have said:" Welcome Christmas while we standHeart to heart and hand in hand."       Released 11/21/2017 at 1:31 PM by PIO Joel Despain 