The Madison Police Department is currently investigating a shooting which occurred tonight in the parking lot at Legend's Sports Bar & Grill.  An adult female and adult male were gunshot victims and are being treated at a local hospital for what appear at this point to be non-life-threatening injuries.  At this time there is no specific suspect information but it is not thought to be a random shooting.  This information will be updated at a later time. UPDATE as of 4pm (7/19/2016) Shortly after 9am, on 7/19/2016, Madison Police Officers located a vehicle, that was thought to be connected to the Legend's Sports Bar & Grill shooting, traveling northbound on Whitney Way.  The vehicle attempted to elude police, and a high speed chase commenced through residential neighborhoods, with recorded speeds of up to 75mph.  The chase continued to University Avenue, and while officers attempted to keep the community safe from the dangerous driving behaviors exhibited by the male subject, the vehicle was brought to a stop near University Bay Drive/University Of Wisconsin Hospital.  An unidentified male subject was taken into custody, as a person of interest, without incident.  Based on credible intelligence developed by MPD personnel, at least one property in the 5700 block of Williamsburg Way was thought to be a likely location where evidence might exist; evidence that could be related to the early morning hour shooting of two victims (28-year-old male & 39-year-old female) at Legend's Bar.  Relationships among all parties mentioned in this release, or otherwise, continues to be investigated, and motive for the shooting remains a focal point. At least one search warrant was being drafted for the residence in the 5700 block of Williamsburg Way, and it is our hope that the execution of that warrant will give Detectives more direction and clarity about all events reported thus far.  All events noted were isolated within a small group of individuals, and there is no risk to the general public.  This is a rather complex case, with a variety of moving parts, and we ask for anyone with information to contact the Madison Police Department with details to further all aspect of the investigation. PO Howard Payne  Released 07/19/2016 at 3:27 AM by Lt. John Radovan 