MPD detectives arrested two California men this morning at a local hotel as part of an ongoing fraud investigation into skimmers that are being placed surreptitiously on local gas pumps. Arrested for identity theft are:  Arsen Piloyan, age 46, Van Nuys, CA Wafig M. Jebarah, age 49, Los Angeles, CA  A search of the men's hotel room, and a rental van they were driving, led to the discovery of evidence to include:  Soldering equipment, wires and other tools consistent with what criminals would need to place skimmers on pumps. A key ring with keys consistent with those used to open gas pumps. Prepaid cards, believed to have been manufactured by the suspects, potentially containing victims' credit card information. Numerous prepaid Visa cards that detectives believe may have been loaded with money stolen from victims' accounts. Receipts from hotels in other jurisdictions  During a recent investigation the MPD was able to tentatively identify one suspect through numerous surveillance images recorded at local businesses where fraudulent cards were used late last month. This morning the MPD received information that the suspect was back in Madison. He was arrested with a previously unidentified suspect. Detectives believe the men may have placed skimmers on pumps that have yet to be discovered, and the MPD urges businesses owners to inspect their pumps immediately. To date, 11 skimmers have been discovered on Madison gas pumps with the most recent coming yesterday when one was found at a BP station, 4102 Commercial Ave. Skimmers are being turned over to the FBI for further investigation. It is not known to what extent the arrested suspects are connected to local cases and it is quite probable others are involved in skimmer fraud. A new Madison ordinance will go into effect on the January 1st requiring all gas pump owners to install new locks on pumps, which should help diminish future fraud attempts. Many stations have already added new locking mechanisms. The MPD urges citizens to continue to be vigilant.  Released 11/18/2016 at 2:54 PM by PIO Joel Despain 