It was a medical appointment that likely spiked a 59-year-old west side man's blood pressure yesterday morning, and that was before his name was even called as he sat in the waiting room. He was busily filling out prerequisite paperwork, and had no clue, at that very moment - in a nearby hallway - a senior medical assistant was confronting a man who was acting suspiciously. The man had been spotted wandering in restricted areas, and when stopped claimed he had just dropped his little brother off for a pulmonology appointment. That did not fly with the senior medical assistant as she let him know they have no pulmonology area at this UW Health clinic. She escorted the man to the waiting area. There sat an elderly woman, and the 59-year-old man; the guy filling out health forms. He had placed, on a chair next to him, his man purse and jacket. The new arrival took the very next chair, so that the man purse was now between the two men. Having finished the questionnaire, the older man got up and handed it to the receptionist. In those few seconds his man purse disappeared. There would not have been enough time for the elderly woman to have sprung from her seat to snatch it, but the younger man was certainly in position to have made such a move, and he was now preparing to leave. The victim asked if he might take a gander inside the suspect's backpack. The suspect was amenable and began unzipping pockets and cargo areas. There was no man purse; however, as the 27-year-old began to walk away, the victim saw the suspect was firmly clutching his left arm to his side. The victim called out and asked if he could get a look inside the suspect's jacket. Again, he was agreeable, only this time the mystery of the missing man purse was solved. It was inside the garment. The victim quickly recovered it, and the suspect began to briskly head out. Not so fast. Realizing a crime had likely just been committed, the older man made a quick launch and tackle. It resulted in the men grappling on waiting room carpet, as the receptionist and elderly woman looked on. The victim's new glasses were bent as he placed the suspect in a full nelson. He wrapped his legs around the suspect's body, and so they rolled. That was until a couple of staff members asked the victim to let the suspect go. Employees next followed the suspect out the door, which was about the time MPD was rolling up. The suspect provided his account to a responding officer. He said when the other man walked his paperwork to the receptionist; he realized it was time to catch a bus. The suspect was evidently a bit hasty in putting things away, and when the other man stopped him, the suspect didn't even realize he had placed the man purse in his jacket. He was certain, he told the officer, it was his own Bible he tucked away.  If it had been the Good Book, he might have wanted to spend waiting room time brushing up on one of the Ten Commandments.     Released 12/09/2016 at 3:00 PM by PIO Joel Despain 