"Doc, it's only a scratch. And I'll be better, I'll be better, Doc, as soon as I am able." They are lyrics to a timeless Beatles song, and it turns out a lifesaving MPD officer was singing a similar tune when he had to visit an emergency room Wednesday. His was not a tale of "Rocky Raccoon," but that of a young and adventuresome rascal: "Ricky Raccoon." Now, Ricky it seems climbed to a rather precarious and dangerous position, and it was a concerned mother and daughter who – while driving along Sprecher Road, beneath a bridge that goes under the interstate – made the frightening discovery. There, clinging to the bridge wall was Ricky. Go up farther, and onto the extremely busy interstate, could be certain death. Fall from that height, and Ricky was looking at the potential for serious injury, if not worse. Mom called for help. An MPD officer and an animal control officer were dispatched.  As they arrived, the rapidly evolving and dynamic situation had changed: "The little guy, Ricky I named him, had been able to pull himself up onto the bridge ledge," said the MPD officer. A father himself, he knew well what concern a young girl and her mother might have. Both remained on scene to see how Ricky's plight would end. "So to try and achieve a happy ending for all, we came up with a plan. The a-c-o (animal control officer) put her van underneath the bridge to cushion the fall, and I got up to the interstate to hopefully convince Ricky to move off the bridge to safety." It was a good plan, but one that never materialized. The MPD officer - once up on the interstate bridge – decided it best to call an audible. He was about to make a very different play for Ricky, but would it work? "Well, with the traffic speeding by, Ricky was teetering on the brink of falling to a very unfortunate end! I was able to grab him by the scruff (just like Ricky's mother might have done), and run to the end of the bridge and gently toss Ricky to the embankment where he scurried away?" exclaimed the MPD officer. It was a proud moment, yet one not without a bit of pain. "Unfortunately Ricky did spring off my arms as he was released, leaving some scratches. So other than an emergency room visit, a tetanus shot and the first series of rabies shots, it was a major success!" Probably not the type of success that will stand the test of time - like that of Rocky's saga – but the MPD officer definitely played an important role with good Ricky's revival.              Released 10/07/2016 at 12:05 PM by PIO Joel Despain 