On Tuesday morning, July 26, 2016 at 12:28 am, officers were called to the 3000 block of Oakridge Avenue for the report of a man threatening another with a knife. The complainant reported to police that he and a companion were in the east side neighborhood playing Pokemon Go when they were confronted by the man and his female companion. The incident began when the Pokemon players were driving slowly into the neighborhood.  They heard two objects strike the car they were riding in.  After stopping to check, the driver saw that the car had been struck by two black walnuts. The officer reported seeing "black walnut fruit pulp" on the outside of the car. The driver surmised the walnuts had been hurled from near the corner of Maple Avenue and Oakridge Avenue but could not see who had thrown the walnuts. As the Pokemon players went about the business of playing the game, they came upon a woman and man walking their dog near Maple and Oakridge. The man allegedly used profanity asking what the players were doing.  He also is alleged to have said, "Don't play Pokemon here!" and further warned the players that "the park is closed".  The Pokemon players told officers that the man was wearing a large knife on his hip. The man allegedly drew the knife, displayed it to the Pokemon players and told them to "get...out of here". He reportedly also threatened to get his gun. The officers contacted the man and woman in an effort to get statements from them.  As is customary, the officers separated the couple to hear their independent views of the event. One officer began speaking with the woman.  The officer reports that almost immediately the woman became agitated and physically animated.  As she tried to walk past the officer, intent on rejoining her companion, she was told that she was temporarily detained and it was  made clear that she could not interrupt the conversation other officers were having with the man.  She remained insistent on skirting past the officer and began physically pushing at the officer to get around him. The woman continued to ignore the officer. She was told, "Stop now.  You're under arrest." Still she would not comply. She backed away, twisted from the grasp of the officer and would not yield to the officer.  A second officer came to assist.  During the struggle to secure the woman in handcuffs, the woman struck the second officer in the face causing the officer's nose to bleed. The woman was taken to the ground.  After another full minute of resistive struggling she was finally secured in handcuffs.  In his statement to police, the man said he had only politely called out to the Pokemon players, "excuse me, can we help you?"  The man denied possessing a knife and said that he owns no firearms. The man was cited for disorderly conduct and released.  The woman was conveyed to the Dane County jail on tentative charges of battery to a police officer and resisting an officer.    Released 07/26/2016 at 2:32 PM by P.O. David Dexheimer 