On 7/28/2017, The Madison Police Department took a report from a 56-year-old female victim reference a fraud.  The victim developed an online relationship, and the male subject convinced the victim that he was in some remote location; in need of money to continue his troubled business ventures.  The suspect specified what accounts the dispersed funds were to be deposited into, and after $85,000 in life savings were gone, the unsuspecting victim reported the matter to the police department.   For fear of sounding like a relationship counselor, The Madison Police Department highly recommends that you do not allow individuals to gain access to your personal bank account information, and do not disperse monetary proceeds to individuals whom you do not know.  Many of these type of fraud investigations involve contact between people that is usually limited to email/texting/phone, and usually no physical contact with those who are making such requests.  Some of the fraud schemes may not involve personal relationships, and promise to deliver on some item(s) of gain (an example would be the purchase of property), but consulting legal advice would be advisable before sending any money to anyone attempting to negotiate deals via phone/text/email.  Individuals contacting you to have cashier checks processed through your bank account, and sending the remaining proceeds back to those who contacted you originally, would be yet another fraudulent scam that has left individuals with empty bank accounts and very few options for their financial future.  Anyone pretending to be a part of the IRS, INS, or even a utility company, threatening to arrest you if money is not sent immediately, should be taken with extreme caution, as legitimate organizations do not operate in this matter.  Vetting individuals, whether it is personal or professional, is extremely important as you want to be certain that the intentions of those you are dealing with have your best interest in mind. PO Howard Payne  Released 07/31/2017 at 6:00 PM by P.O. Howard Payne 