On Saturday afternoon July 30, 2016 MPD officers making an arrest were the victims of a significant exposure to blood borne pathogens. At James Madison Park, 614 E Gorham St at approximately 3:58 pm Saturday, officers were investigating a reported fourth degree sexual assault that was alleged to have occurred earlier in the day.  Having identified the suspect by name, officers were able to locate Franklin L Kerr, a 40 year old Madison man at the park. During the course of the investigation it was learned that the man had an active warrant for his arrest on a probation violation. He was arrested on the probation hold and placed in the back of a squad car and seat belted in. Police patrol squads are equipped with a metal and Plexiglas protective partition that separates the front seat from the back. The partition extends from side to side and floor to ceiling of the squad. Once secured in the back seat of the squad, Kerr, suddenly and without warning drew his body back then forcefully forward.  He intentionally slammed his own forehead into the Plexiglas partition. Ignoring the officers warning not to do this, he arched back, then forward again, hitting his head a second time. The two blows caused a laceration to open on his forehead.  Officers attempted to hold him back against the seat but were not able to before he rocked back, then forward, and slammed his head a third time.  This opened the wound even further and caused Kerr to bleed profusely from the forehead.  With an officer on each side of him to prevent him from further injuring himself, Kerr demanded the officers let go of him and warned them that he had a contagious, blood borne disease and intended to "get my blood all over you".   With blood running down his face, Kerr shook his head vigorously from side to side spraying blood on several of the officers and throughout the back of the squad car.  The officers were subject to Kerr's blood coating their skin, uniforms and equipment. Due to the extensive biological contamination caused by the suspect to the officers, Madison Fire Department first responders assisted in field decontamination.  The depth of the contamination required that officers remove duty belts, ballistic vests and outer uniform clothing while still in the field. The officers endured further decontamination procedures at a local hospital and will be monitored for health effects potentially resulting from the significant exposure. Kerr's injuries were treated initially by MPD personnel. MFD EMTs also provided treatment at the scene then transported Kerr to a local hospital for his non- life threatening injuries.  He was ultimately conveyed to the Dane County jail. Traffic on East Gorham was down to one lane for a time due to the required response of multiple police and fire units The man is tentatively charged with discharging bodily fluids at a public safety worker SS 941.375(2), recklessly endangering safety 941.30, and resisting an officer 946.4.1 and a probation violation.  The incident remains under investigation.  Released 08/01/2016 at 2:10 PM by P.O. David Dexheimer 