It was a bizarre and scary early Sunday morning for an 83-year-old Waunona Way resident, and before it was over there was a stranger on his roof, reportedly trying to escape dead bodies and wild pigs. The man had originally been on top of the victim's granddaughter's car, which was parked in his driveway. The homeowner heard a bunch of banging and went outside to see what the commotion was all about. That's when he spotted the suspect seated on the car's roof, kicking his feet against the windshield. The resident asked the man if he knew his granddaughter, and it became clear he did not. He next asked the man to get down. The man complied and then pushed past the older man, entering his home. Shocked, the victim grabbed the man by the arms and pushed him back outside. That's when the man climbed atop trash cans, grabbed for the rain gutter, and pulled himself onto the roof. The victim let the man know he was now calling for the MPD. "Good, go ahead," said the man. When the first officer arrived, he started talking about swine run amok. "He was seeing wild pigs and dead corpses on the ground near where I was standing," wrote the officer, in his report. The man also stated a friend – a person he identified as "John Doe Smith" – was up on another rooftop. Backup arrived, and as officers were in the process of devising a plan to get the man down safely; he jumped. Uninjured, he ran at one of the officers, and it took several of them to get him under control. After doing so, they examined the damaged car and found the windshield broken; both mirrors and the wipers were snapped off, and there were scratches in various places, including the roof, where the words "I love sex" were etched. The officers took the man to a medical facility. He was asked if they should still be concerned about a "partner" of his, a guy who might still be stuck on a rooftop, as he originally indicated. He admitted: "There was no one else - that was a distraction technique."  But it appears the wild pigs' story was legit, at least in his mind. He asked the first responding officer if he had also seen them, after assuring a doctor they were "everywhere."           Released 09/20/2016 at 12:00 PM by PIO Joel Despain 