It began at the intersection of E. Gorham St. and N. Hancock St. as concerned officers stopped to check on the welfare of an unconscious driver early this morning. It ended three city blocks later at E. Gorham St. and Wisconsin Ave. Along a sidewalk, in-between the two locations, the impaired motorist left a path of destruction in his wake. Officers found Demetrious D. Smith, age 32, Whitewater, WI, slumped over the wheel of his girlfriend's car around 3:50 a.m. Headlights were on, the car was running, and one wheel was partially up on a curb. Officers were able to awaken Smith and told him they wanted to make sure he was okay. He peered at them with a puzzled look, and instead of following multiple instructions to turn the car off, he put it in gear and hit the accelerator. He drove across all lanes of traffic, cut between to parked cars, and started operating on the sidewalk near James Madison Park. He continued along the sidewalk, striking objects, backing up, and going forward again and again as officers not only attempted to stop him, but blocked intersections to make sure no innocent people were injured. By the time the suspect reached Wisconsin Ave. he was driving on nothing but the rims with a destroyed front bumper. Despite the damage, he appeared willing to try to back up once again and attempt push forth. A squad car pulled directly behind him, preventing that from happening. Along the route he had just traveled, retaining walls, concrete stairs, a car parked in a driveway were all damaged. A fire hydrant was knocked over. The suspect also clipped a support wire for a power pole, causing the pole to break. As it fell, sparks and wires fell onto the sidewalk and roadway. The suspect was very uncooperative with officers as they were finally able to get him out of the heavily damaged car. He was taken to a hospital for a blood draw and then to the county jail. He is facing a host of tentative charges to include: hit and run, reckless driving, operating a motor vehicle while under the influence – 4th offense, and operating while revoked. Released 03/30/2018 at 9:49 AM by PIO Joel Despain 