 There were multiple "victims," all calling to report the same "crime spree" Monday afternoon. Some were notably upset; others interpreted the "drive-bys" as more of a modern-day nod to tipping over outhouses and ding dong ditch. Shenanigans began when two 16-year-old boys learned their sport's team practice had been canceled, and they found themselves with minds somewhat idle, which some equate with the workshop of a certain evil spirit. The decision was made to drive around with squirt guns. Not just any squirt guns, they had a pair of Super Soaker Tornado Scream water blasters.  These are toys advertised to "unleash wide-stream soakage," a "mighty stream of water up to 35 feet," via a "pressurized-trigger" and a "spinning nozzle."  The MPD began getting calls – at least five or six of them - from across a wide swath of the West District, from Segoe Rd. to Tokay Blvd., out to West Towne Mall.  One driver was particularly annoyed when the teens pulled up next to him. "I was ... shot in the face with a stream of water, endangering my life and the lives of others by preventing me from focusing on maintaining a constant awareness of my surroundings while operating a deadly vehicle." Others were less annoyed. In the end, some witnesses provided the MPD with a vehicle description, as well as a license plate number. A couple of mouse clicks, and the investigating officer had a phone number. It belonged to the owner of the vehicle, a father of one of the teens. He gave the officer his son's cell number, and the officer was soon connected – telephonically - with the driver. The officer identified himself, and asked the teen if he knew why the MPD would be calling. The teen provided a rather non-committal answer, to which the officer indicated there were several wet people out there, and it would be best if the teen and his buddy drive out to the MPD's West District for a face-to-face conversation. Apologetic and cooperative the young men told officers they were bored and that is what triggered the mischief. One officer listening to the saga is also a track coach. He suggested to the boys that the next time practice is canceled they do something constructive, like hit the gym. The teens agreed that would be a good idea.They promised to make better decisions, and were released with a warning as their parents assured the situation would be dealt with appropriately at home. Before they departed they voluntarily turned in their Super Soakers. The primary investigating officer is not a meteorologist, but he is forecasting drier days ahead in the West District. Thumbs up.       Released 05/04/2016 at 11:40 AM by PIO Joel Despain 