On 12/30/2015, at approximately 4:27 am, Madison Police were dispatched to 525 University Avenue reference a burglary alarm from the front door of University Avenue Liquor.  Officers chased a subject, near the 500 block of Conklin Place, who was later determined to not have any connection with the liquor establishment's burglary.  The responsive store owner aided officers in obtaining a good description of the suspect.  An officer met the owner and reviewed the video surveillance footage from the business.  At the time of the dispatched alarm, surveillance cameras reflected a male subject wearing distinctive clothing; which included an over-the-shoulder satchel, entering the store.  A bottle of blue tinted Bombay Sapphire London Dry Gin had been stolen from the business, and that was duly noted by the responding officer before he left the area to complete his report. In a strange turn of events, the officer exited the liquor store and glanced to his right, noticing a subject who matched the suspect's description observed from the camera footage just reviewed!  The suspect, later identified as Robert Evans, continued to walk towards the officer, and the officer noticed the over-the-shoulder satchel as well.  Evans continued to walk towards N. Frances Street as the officer called out for him to stop, and explained why he had an interest in speaking with him about the burglary.  Evans denied any connections to any burglarious activities, and stated he had been out for a walk; noting he wanted to go to Capitol Centre Market but it was closed.  The officer thought that was strange, as he believed that to be a store that operated on a 24-hour schedule. After identification was obtained, Evans was emphatic about leaving. Officers placed Evans into handcuffs, and visibly saw the Bombay Sapphire Gin bottle in the distinctive satchel.  There were too many coincidental factors being presented, and Evans was taken into custody for the burglary.  Evans was conveyed to the Dane County Jail, and after making threats to the officer of using his weapon the next time Evans saw him, he also stated he wanted to spit on him.  This was quality work on the part of the officers involved and collaboration with the ownership of University Avenue Liquor. PO Howard Payne       Released 12/30/2015 at 12:53 PM by P.O. Howard Payne 